good morning to all the guys here e
wife the staff of www.lexbook.it lin
facebook page and our site in
description and given that today is halloween
good halloween I feel sorry for myself and
I'm here to bring you a scud builder
a bit special without any use
it's just a video if you want
see it you see it if not it is so much for
wasting time and I wanted to try things
new and so I invented this scoop
in some called beautiful inside since
outside I don't think that's the name
on the ground a little long to write in fact
I only wrote halloween as a pink name
having said that sorry I have to screen the
voice because it is something that it deserves
attention and then let's start with this
squad builder with clips i hope vi
like they are very short clips a
support
so let's look for the first one in the club
goalkeeper the goalkeeper of this team
which is called cassio I think you already have
figured out what kind of scud builder is e
look at that handsome man
after seeing this man who is a name
fantastic also i think we own
understand what kind will also discuss one
star skill so killer is done
see this magnificent goalkeeper in
all the senses we pass to the right back
par excellence back to the right for
excellence the man of ugly footballers
it could only be rodrigo rodrigo
my rodrigo this player here
unfortunately in game it has a different face
seems almost a normal person but the
his expressions when he failed he slips for
what a magnificent thing next to him I have
sought a new talent a new one
talent not our team and I have
found our beautiful thyago fair
meyer tiago ferreira that he could have
even a normal face but see a
that type jellyfish slumps overhead
which reminds me so much that I have to go to
hell
and since I really have to go to
shit I'm then I saw we feel in a
good second here we are here and I pulled
out a couple of nice assholes because
women like them
asshole men who make assholes and
then we move on to the other dc to the other
you say a city ​​player and not
could be him for strength giorgio
len lescott
we see as a slave jo jo lyon joleon
Stallio of oil well and oil Lescott
in short, to that scar on his head
I don't even know where the
he had made aliens I don't know e
going forward given the weather drumming
as they say in my part we pass to the
left-back the other man of
ugly footballers kevin kevin that su
fifa is just like the real version
and that is ugly in short and then up
scared that da da expression
sleepy cannato call it like
want
throughout the game and it is something that
puts you really cheerful and how
you can see from the defense we have
tried to save a little on
on the agreement since there is crisis and now
in fact we show you a product
local to zero km and very great Mariani
mari animi that does not have a game on
face has a players face for
defined in real life, however, to this
mystical expression concerns in the void
that I do n't know, I don't know how
define it in front of him
talking about hanging on the tar the hair
let's put a player out of role but who
deserves to be here in here
as well and we don't put the cervino
iv version that otherwise would seem a
compliment and then let's get to the wine
gervinho fantastic we said it
first the hairline that
part from the nape and arrives at the ass and for
charity
the estimation as a player has a phenomenon
that if he makes a goal every pope's death and goes
well removed these particularities is a
player who absolutely deserved to
be in this team
I tell you that there is no ribery because I don't have
400 thousand canaries of andrissi me no
and we pass to the right outside that if there
thinks
for a moment you already know who he is because he is
the man who made the last year
shit season if not for a
damn goal in the derby against the
less
let's talk about ezequiel is great
ezequiel is the beautiful ese who he is with
this is this thick platinum hair
and that there will be in the stony ground that
has bought all the scrap of
all but that is the sassuolo
sassuolo sassuolo and I think you have
also enjoyed his magnificent mustache
and curled this is fine
let's move to the left outside lessini
stress that is another player of
ugly footballers and alvaro il
mythical albano that you come buy this
hair and air carefree miani years
1400 with this skin color
carlo accounts brown brown carlo brown
brown no, I'm sorry, sorry
I think the heresy from Carlo Carlo accounts for me
in short, it is what is made 50 lamp
eco is he is he or not he is
and this is closed this parenthesis
shit in the shape of shit we pass
striker the attacker maybe
it's not really bad sex is ugly
for heaven's sake, however, he entered here
training for his name
plays tickeone at 67 kg marijuana e
it's called hercules so it was must was
truly a must for this training
then it is also American so you see
you update how many good words
well
behind this the always serious attacker
to
the man who is enchanting all women
from Turin with his strip tease post
game
the man who owes his face to a burn
of eighth grade the man who is carlitos
tevez carlitos tevez the player more
expensive of this training that all it
services that is really bad
that is, I must say that both he and he are scared
lescott also made them constant
really good also cassio we say that
it's almost as bad as the real solution
but these three lescott tevez costan
they are really beautiful inside we say
beautiful inside to not offend anyone
we don't want to offend his good e
this rally scud builder obviously
expect you to give us the names of the
uglier players than these because
these are some countries like that but me
I want to know which ones are true
ugly ultimate players in then
commented in the video I hope this
special halloween there is not
liked but did not do it
to throw up
so if it didn't let you limit me from
a thumb up if it made you vomit
put a thumb up if it did
cry fit drink to forget